Add note about advanced IdP features (#1273)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-idp.md

- Users will no longer have to repeatedly login and remember credentials for their account.
- You will have complete ownership over credential configuration and management on Astro.
- You can enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) for users.

> - You can configure advanced access policies to enforce trusted IP ranges or authorized devices using services such as [Adaptive Authentication](https://www.okta.com/identity-101/adaptive-authentication/) and [Conditional Access](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use services such as [Adaptive Authentication](https://www.okta.com/identity-101/adaptive-authentication/) and [Conditional Access](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/overview) to create advanced access policies that enforce trusted IP ranges or limit access to authorized devices.
```
